Update README with better description for Charmhub (#25)
omnivector-solutions/slurm-bundles: README.md

# Omnivector Slurm Distribution Bundles

> A suite of codified operations to assemble, install, deploy, and operate

Reviewer: This is a sentence fragment. Maybe:
```suggestion
This suite provides a set of codified operations to assemble, install, deploy, and operate
```

Slurm.

## Overview

The [Slurm Charms](https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/slurm-charms/) are a
custom curated suite of tools and automation that facilitate the lifecycle
events and continuous operation of a Slurm cluster.

Assuming you have Juju installed and bootstrapped, deploying a Slurm cluster
involves running only a single command:

```bash
$ juju deploy slurm
```

> This command will deploy and configure a Slurm cluster with:
> - 1 `slurmctld` node: the central management node
> - 1 `slurmdbd` node: the database accounting node
> - 1 `slurmd` node: the compute node
> - 1 `slurmrestd` node: the REST API interface to Slurm
> - 1 `percona-cluster` node: the MySQL database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will deploy and configure a Slurm cluster with one of each of the following nodes:
- `slurmctld`: the central management node
- `slurmdbd`: the database accounting node
- `slurmd`: the compute node
- `slurmrestd`: the REST API interface to Slurm
- `percona-cluster`: the MySQL database
```

Author: Oh, way better, thanks!
